how's everyone doing tonight well this
morning this afternoon you know whatever
time it is wherever you're at if you're
a fan of my music you gotta understand
this shit ain't always what it seems oh
look I find it hard to believe you don't
see what I do in me luckily there's not
a side to suicidal in me I try to do the
kind of music to inspire fans but I'm
rude to that just ruins the entire plan
maybe there's a part of me I have been
learned yet but there's a lot of bridges
that I haven't burned yet I was told
that if you love something you should
let it go but there's a lot of things I
love that ain't returned yet so the
records I produced for the ones you need
it I just try to make a scene in hope
that someone sees it metaphors are my
medicine my instead of men Afeni
metaphors a medic mortars punch
repeatedly but you know we're gonna
spill in your whole life on the mic no
but nobody has to fucking believe it
but I give to you is granted I don't
keep a thing to myself I'm a poet and
I'm noticing is pulling me down all I
ever wanna do is put a pencil in my
hands but as I
what was the man I can tell pulling me
down so not only am I the only one in
controller the only thing I know will
control me is pulling me down my
addiction is the reason I might even be
a dickhead I'm Cube addicted to quit
just pulling me down I can feel the
feeling pulling me now my goal is to be
on top of the world
but it's pulling me down people try to
convince me that what I say is useless
they don't know how to relate so they
create excuses
I'm making music with the fridge full of
creative juices stupid sharp as the
plays you fillet your food with my pen
and pads in the same hands that I raise
the roof with hippie brother now body
begging I bury I marry so at the burial
I might take the bouquet and roof it the
pays is moving there's no way you could
delay the movement I was taught that
when you want something you go and get
it I know you know that I'm going you
just won't admit it I got to try and
deliver it you don't even ever in
America oh no he didn't oh he didn't
he's not about to change to every your
name and try to kill these kitten
this is the only thing I'm good at homie
listen you don't know a thing about me
when you dealt me without reason without
a reasonable doubt is pulling me down
all I ever wanna do is put a pencil in
my hand but as I grow as a man I think
pulling me down so not only am I the
only one who controller the only thing I
know will control me is pulling me down
my addiction is the reason I might even
be a dickhead I'm too addicted to quit
is pulling me down I can feel the
feeling pulling me now my goal is to be
on top of the world but it's totally
down chip bad code it's too late to turn
back
yeah
you